Added land/sea fraction weighting preprocessor (#331)
ESMValGroup/ESMValCore: doc/esmvalcore/preprocessor.rst

	  points will be masked, otherwise they will be set to NaN.

.. _weighting:

Weighting
=========

.. _land/sea fraction weighting:

Land/sea fraction weighting
---------------------------

This preprocessor allows weighting of data by land or sea fractions. In other

> words, this function multiplies the given input field by a fraction from 0-1 to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
words, this function multiplies the given input field by a fraction in the range 0-1 to
```

> account for the fact that not all grid points are completely land/sea.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
account for the fact that not all grid points are completely land- or sea-covered.
```

> The application of this is very important for most carbon cycle variables (and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The application of this preprocessor is very important for most carbon cycle variables (and
```

other land surface outputs), which are e.g. reported in units of

> :math:`kgC~m^{-2}`. This actually refers to 'per square meter of land/sea' and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
:math:`kgC~m^{-2}`. Here, the surface unit actually refers to 'square meter of land/sea' and
```

> NOT 'per square meter of gridbox'. In order to integrate these globally or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOT 'square meter of gridbox'. In order to integrate these globally or
```

> regionally one has to both area-weight the quantity but also weight by the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
regionally one has to weight by both the surface quantity and the
```

land/sea fraction.

> For example, to weight an input field with the land fraction, use the following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to weight an input field with the land fraction, the following
```

> preprocessor:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
preprocessor can be used:
```

.. code-block:: yaml

    preprocessors:
      preproc_weighting:
        weighting_landsea_fraction:
          area_type: land
          strict: true

> Allowed arguments for the keyword ``area_type`` are ``land`` (fraction is 1.0

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allowed arguments for the keyword ``area_type`` are ``land`` (fraction is 1
```

> for grid cells with only land surface, 0.0 for grid cells with only sea surface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for grid cells with only land surface, 0 for grid cells with only sea surface
```

> and values in between 0.0 and 1.0 for coastal regions) and ``sea`` (1.0 for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and values in between 0 and 1 for coastal regions) and ``sea`` (1 for
```

> sea, 0.0 for land, in between for coastal regions). The optional argument

Reviewer: ```suggestion
sea, 0 for land, in between for coastal regions). The optional argument
```
